Add data_with_empty_streams.xdf (#5)
xdf-modules/example-files: README.md

# XDF example files

Example files to test XDF readers.

* [minimal.xdf](#minimal)
* [clock\_resets.xdf](#clock_resets)
* [empty\_streams.xdf](#empty_streams)

> ## minimal.xdf <a name="minimal"></a>

Reviewer: Setting a different anchor doesn't seem to work (at least when looking at the version rendered on GitHub). When I click at the link to the left of the heading, the anchor is `#minimalxdf-`. All of this is to say that I wouldn't bother changing anchors, just leave them at their defaults.

  <last_timestamp>261.9267033</last_timestamp>
  <sample_count>27814</sample_count>
  <clock_offsets>
    <offset>
      <time>653156.0261441499</time>
      <value>-652340.28383985</value>
    </offset>
    <!-- cut -->
  </clock_offsets>
</info>
```

## empty_streams.xdf <a name="empty_streams"></a>

Example containing empty and non-empty data and marker streams.

### Stream 1
#### Header

``` xml
<info>
	<name>Data stream: test stream 0 counter</name>
	<type>data</type>
	<channel_count>1</channel_count>
	<channel_format>int32</channel_format>
	<source_id>test_stream.py:525352:0</source_id>
	<nominal_srate>1.000000000000000</nominal_srate>
	<version>1.100000000000000</version>
	<created_at>401309.0364671120</created_at>
	<uid>25e1bd13-340f-499c-bb91-5d1e75cec535</uid>
	<session_id>default</session_id>
	<hostname>kassia</hostname>
	<v4address />
	<v4data_port>16576</v4data_port>
	<v4service_port>16575</v4service_port>
	<v6address />
	<v6data_port>0</v6data_port>
	<v6service_port>0</v6service_port>
	<desc>
		<manufacturer>pylsltools</manufacturer>
		<channels>
			<channel>
				<label>ch:00</label>
				<type>misc</type>
			</channel>
		</channels>
	</desc>
</info>
```

#### Footer

> `sample_count` is off by one.

Reviewer: Do you know where this error comes from? Is there a bug in LabRecorder?

Author: I haven't had chance to track it down, but yes the `sample_count` is always off-by-one in my LabRecorder recordings.

Reviewer: I think it would be important to report this issue upstream. I'm a bit hesitant to include an example file with such an error.

Author: Fair point. I've just long accepted this as normal and not critical in practice, but I agree it should be checked out.

`clock_resets.xdf` is the same.

```
xdf, _ = pyxdf.load_xdf(
    "example-files/clock_resets.xdf",
)
print(len(xdf[0]["time_stamps"]))
# => 175
print(xdf[0]["footer"]["info"]["sample_count"])
# => 174
```

Reviewer: @cboulay?

Reviewer 2: I don't know. The code to increment the sample count [is very simple](https://github.com/labstreaminglayer/App-LabRecorder/blob/master/src/recording.cpp#L406).

Reviewer 2: @jamieforth found the problem. The first sample is treated differently from the rest of the data and wasn't included in the count. [PR](https://github.com/labstreaminglayer/App-LabRecorder/pull/123) merged. I won't create a new release just yet. I need to look to see if there's any other straightforward issues / PRs to include in the release.

Reviewer 2: In any case, I don't think we want to worry about the footer too much. It's not super uncommon for a data file to get cutoff before the footer is written fully, but the data are otherwise quite usable, so we should never require the footer.

Reviewer: That's great, thanks! So I guess we can just modify the example files to contain the correct sample count (as @jamieforth already did for this file), right?

Author: @cbrnr I've updated `clock_resets.xdf` to contain the correct sample counts by modifying the following two bytes.

<code>0011bfd0: 70 6c 65 5f 63 6f 75 6e 74 3e 31 37 <mark>35</mark> 3c 2f 73  ple_count>17<mark>5</mark></s</code>
<code>0011e300: 32 37 38 31 <mark>35</mark> 3c 2f 73 61 6d 70 6c 65 5f 63 6f  2781<mark>5</mark></sample_co</code>

For the new `empty_streams.xdf` file I actually re-recorded a simulation test with a new build of LabRecorder just as a sanity check.

    <type>EEG</type>
    <channel_count>3</channel_count>
    <nominal_srate>10</nominal_srate>
    <channel_format>int16</channel_format>
    <created_at>50942.723319709003</created_at>
    <desc/>
    <uid>xdfwriter_11_int</uid>
</info>
```

#### Footer

``` xml
<info>
    <writer>LabRecorder xdfwriter</writer>
    <first_timestamp>5.1</first_timestamp>
    <last_timestamp>5.9</last_timestamp>
    <sample_count>9</sample_count>
    <clock_offsets>
        <offset>
            <time>50979.76</time>
            <value>-.01</value>
        </offset>
        <offset>
            <time>50979.86</time>
            <value>-.02</value>
        </offset>
    </clock_offsets>
</info>
```

#### Time-series data

Data:

```
[192, 255, 238],
[ 12,  22,  32],
[ 13,  23,  33],
[ 14,  24,  34],
[ 15,  25,  35],
[ 12,  22,  32],
[ 13,  23,  33],
[ 14,  24,  34],
[ 15,  25,  35]
```

Timestamps: 5.1 to 5.9 in .1 steps

These time-stamps precede the first clock offset measurement, but for
synchronization they will be handled with respect to the first (and
only in this case) detected clock segment.

#### Clock offsets

Clock offset times do not match the footer. This should not happen

> with LabRecorder but as this file is code-generated it’s just a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with LabRecorder but as this file is code-generated it's just a
```
